feat: Adds `skip_wait_on_update` to mongodbatlas_search_deployment to support returning early after an update (#3237)
mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas: docs/resources/search_deployment.md

### Optional

> - `skip_wait_on_update` (Boolean) Setting this risks returning before the search deployment is in a steady state, potentially causing inconsistencies. If set to true, Terraform will not wait for the search deployment to reach an idle state (i.e. skip waiting for reindexing) after an update.

Reviewer: nit: Would invert the order of the sentences, first describe what the attribute is then call out the risks and implications

Author: Not sure, wanted to emphasize the risk

Reviewer 2: Agree with @AgustinBettati, but we can wait on docs team to review

Reviewer 3: agreed. definition should come first, then the risks

Author: Continued in discussion: https://github.com/mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas/pull/3237#discussion_r2032729492

> - `skip_wait_on_update` (Boolean) Setting this risks returning before the search deployment is in a steady state, potentially causing inconsistencies. If set to true, Terraform will not wait for the search deployment to reach an idle state (i.e. skip waiting for reindexing) after an update.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
- `skip_wait_on_update` (Boolean) If true, the resource update is executed without waiting until the [state](#state_name-1) is `IDLE`, making the operation faster. This might cause state inconsistencies at the next terraform execution.
```

Reviewer 5: I think we should add examples of what type of inconsistencies (like which attributes) to expect otherwise users may be left confused.

Reviewer 3: agreed on example. I think readers would benefit from this

Author: Changed in 6546d99a1f2e8a5ed919dc137aefe06151a71f70 WDYT?

Reviewer 5: [nb] This is okay but are there any specific attributes that we can expect to change after update has completed?

Author: Not really, `State` is anyway computed and will not show up in the plan.
The instance sizes I expect will stay unchanged even if the update fails since the initial PATCH was successful.

> - `skip_wait_on_update` (Boolean) Setting this risks returning before the search deployment is in a steady state, potentially causing inconsistencies. If set to true, Terraform will not wait for the search deployment to reach an idle state (i.e. skip waiting for reindexing) after an update.

Reviewer 5: Regarding `Since this field is not part of the API, the import will show changes (see below) when it is set (no changes when it is not defined)` should we add a small note in import section?

Author: Changed in 502393c8442c9ec762438768980e5c28b50dd3ca WDYT?

Reviewer 5: I think re-write as:

`skip_wait_on_update` is not returned during an import as this is a write-only Terraform configuration field that users may use to manage update operation wait time.

lmk WYT

Author: I'm not sure if our users are aware of write-only fields. 
Maybe this text is also missing why they get a non-empty plan. So I prefer keeping as is
